This kid is not simple
Let's go together
Hey, here we meet again.
Are you still talking?
Is that you?
I'm dancing for the guy with the grandson
I told you.
You are older than my father
It's really not appropriate to be my teacher
What!
Brother, you want to do it 89 times.
Yes and no.
I'm not doing it alone.
It's the three of us together
What's going on here?
When did you meet the three grandmasters?
Lei Gong accidentally picked it up on the side of the road
Big brother, he is the little master of the divine family
The goal of our test is to replace your Jiang family key.
Against my master
I drew a line with him
I don't recognize this master
He doesn't deserve your dog, he beat it
Why is such a young boy definitely not able to become a teacher?
I can take you as a disciple
Take me as a disciple
You don't deserve to die
For old disrespect
Give you a long lesson